If I press press this button now, it deletes a text file effectively and start now. You can see the words that are getting added to on this little screen here.Yeah, and this is gonna refresh every two minutes. So in this next refresh is which will be in the next minute or so. I guess it'll.Display words I'm that we're all saying now.I put in some. There's some parameters that I put in here, so there's it's only showing words that are.Bigger than 5 letters long, I think.And the words that are said most often are the largest in the screen.Business, I mean is in terms of that it's a basic in terms of what it's doing.And this thing is, well, you did the study with British households? No, this was in Lucerne.So, but this English novel this.This is an English because I've lost was using this at the workshop. We had interaction and it's an English speaking conference. I can put this in response. It can be any, it can be any language.But yeah, so it understands Swiss German but displays German if you want. I mean, or as far as I'm aware and already aware.I'm just asking because the linguistic preprocessing is independent of the language. Uh, because we have different.And.Uh.Different database or linguistic Mexico lexicons for different language. That's why I'm asking. OK. So it's OK, yeah.I think that Tom told us they use Microsoft Azure. Uh, speech to text. It's, it's it's you have to pay for it for and they used it. That's it.Transforms the text from German to German. But this is it. Refreshing now. Sorry yeah yeah exactly and all all the code for this is on my page.To control that. And so now that that's that's the word we've been talking about now.So.OK, and he?Let's start from the beginning. So what? What kind? Would you do the experiment the same way as before? Or would you do it a little bit differently as you mentioned the focus groups? Uh.I guess that comes down to how do we?I had to get value out of it. Is there and do we get value out of that by doing replicating the same?Umm.Study that we did before. So kind of one to two week long study with some households and see if there's any different changes because we did get some behavioral changes from having this in people's households, but a lot of people said content is.On the screen is fairly meaningless. There's a couple of examples where they could see what's happening in the house on the screen, but all of the time.It didn't make that much sense to them, but there was this whole idea of mirroring people's data and making that data visible and murdered in front of them made them whisper around this device, but not voice assistance. So you started to see.By making this thing visible in front of them that their behaviour started to change and I guess.If we could make the workload more meaningful, I think we'd get bigger behavioral changes.That probably does mean making people, not making people, getting people to live with it for a period of time.So I'm gonna ask you, do you think it would be worth it to make a workshop at the retreat in um entrustor that we sit together and evaluate some stuff or should become some ideas to the retreat? Or should we create some ideas or should we program it? Or what do you think?I think if we could have.Some examples of different.Analysis of text files displayed as workloads I think working on this.Would be amazing if that's possible. I mean I.I think it should be possible.Um.Kind of. I've thought of a couple of ways of how to make that possible and implement it really quickly.With the help of from from you guys.Yeah, I think if we can show stuff there.Working you want to show stuff there or should we work on it in entrustor or what do you think we'll reach? Is it worth it to make a workshop there or I'm not sure what what they would be, so I'm still thinking about how what kind of insights do you do we want to produce and how?And umm, so I was asking myself having these, uh, this hatred in in in my home. So people usually, I don't know my usually people usually don't don't look all the time on this. So it it refreshes every two minutes you said. Yeah, we changed that during the study it was.It might be that you won't look at it the whole day because you occupied with something else and then the question is, what's the point? So I was.Thinking maybe maybe adjusting the experimental setup a little bit, what about as an additional option having?And people can look at the end of the day or whatever what what the main content over the whole day was something like that.Hmm.Because they might have missed a lot of so that the thing listens for half a day or a day, and then I might be interesting or interested to to see, OK, what what did it get?Out of our conversation in the room of the last several hours.And so this kind of thing. So I'm I'm still.Thinking about this experimental setup, I think the technology behind it it's relatively straightforward, but once we know what we want to do.Ask us if it's possible, maybe because the participants are got bored after a few days of this work. Clouds. Maybe they have a button or a wheel to change the analysis and like now they want to see more clouds afterwards they want to see now. Or sentiment analysis. Or maybe the participants are allowed to change it and choose what they.Body to chill on the display.Yeah, that would be fairly simple to do.Umm.Yeah. And then from that we can start to understand which has more meaning to people and and and why I guess.Hmm.And just, uh, federating uh, potential work to do, but.Another button or dial whatever to um.To.To increase the time period. Hmm.On which the the the display is based.So starting from now, back to whatever, 5 minutes or something like that, I don't care. And then you die and you get back to to the beginning of the day or whatever, the OR whatever.Ask for hours or overhead. So that's that's details. But in principle idea so that you can see OK, how how was the conversation topics of the conversations, how has it changed these these so that people get more?Involved in this by having more more possibilities to interact with it. Hmm.Hi, guys. Very sorry. Uh, yeah, I'll jump in.Um.Yeah, I mean it's just.Yeah, yeah. Because we did, we did play with that a little bit. We did think about containing lots of controls on people to change things and that kind of, well, I guess we had a slightly more basic version of that. How often you said how often it's gonna refresh.And then just replace it with the buttons for the users in. A bit more controlled for that, but it would be nice to almost your what you're saying is.What was? What did it?Sense of the situation is making 9:00 o'clock this morning versus 9:00 o'clock this evening and starting to see like gonna be amazing to see that like.An animation of the workload changing as it goes as a place throughout the entire day.Yeah.Yeah, I said. The question is would would be just be with the the the people just be able to.Please send the window the time window into the past.Or moving the whole time window so it says different things. Yeah, so starting from now into the past or just moving around, it's getting more and more difficult. So. And yeah, so.And but yeah, I mean, yeah, both.Both those things should be fairly easy to do. There is. I think there is.My initial impression is there is equal is simple complicated as each other. You just basically just putting a timestamp in this giant transcription of everything that it's hard and you're using a dial to choose almost like light numbers of what you're content you're analyzing.Somebody might use.Will that actually the options that all of us have news I don't know what what what what it does. Yeah that's that's kind of why we quite like the box and it felt like quite simple it's just clears it to memory start again. So if you just wanna see you can if you want if you're having a meeting right now we've got we can just say what's getting from the last half hour or you can if you want to leave it running all day you see what happens after the end of the day.Yeah.Uh, yeah, but it's it's worth thinking about, for sure. Yeah.First thing that's that's uh.Something.What's my to do? Yeah, I have to study done again, but in a little bit different setting.I mean the I mean the the content of the word fight was the participants biggest.Umm.Criticism is not the right word, but surprise because they thought that suddenly this thing isn't that smart because it's not understanding.What's happening in a situation?When, realistically, it probably still is. I just didn't.Make it appear smart enough.Yeah, after we made it Dumber than.What it can actually do?Um.So I guess, I mean that's the biggest motivation for focusing on the.Making the word quite more meaningful is is come direct from pretty much every participant.Felt a bit disappointed by what was being mirrored back to them in terms of what it was capturing from their content.It's gonna be 2 words in a row.But there's many combinations there and it's hard to get enough data usually. Usually then you get only one mentioning of the bike RAM, because that combination you don't use anymore.But it's lots of things we can just play with, isn't it? I guess.The the problem with words already is that that they are out of context and so this is something which makes it appear dumb.It is dumb, but doesn't hesitate to appear dumb, but um, making it really intelligent would mean that it's uh would be able to.It's a proposition, so.In statements or propositions.The subject and object or something like that. But that's that would require quite a deeper linguistic analysis. So. But I'm not sure how you mean this summer. This summer, yeah, no, just just that that that it focuses on verbs and it shows a verb with the subject and if if it's there, the corresponding object. So.And which ones would you like to show? The ones that capture the current dialogue in the most signal, whatever the it's the same problem as with diagrams. So how do you weigh what what is more important, but just from the idea of what would give them more or deeper contents?Uh, reflection of the content? But I'm. I'm there's probably quite.It it would only be possible if there's some some.Something on YouTube or anywhere else that we can just put our things in and it and the result comes out. What? What about just displaying the full sentence and choosing the sentence wisely? Say you could take the sentiment analyzer and you take the most positive and the most negative sentence or something. Or you know, something like that and then you would have that stand for five minutes or something and it would just be capturing whatever it was.Relevant in that situation.Sorry if I had taken the last sentence, you just said it wouldn't fit on the screen.OK. You mean you mean it's too long and then yeah, yeah, yeah.Yeah, we have to do a lot of experimentation before actually coming up, so.Umm.So maybe, uh, what about for our? What about having maybe two or three different word cloud batches devices and each of of them it's a little bit different and we put them all?You know, room, maybe a race when we meet in Scotland, put them in on the table and then see what happens. I mean, I think that would be great if we had.Three to five different versions of this, doing different analysis from the one we've got here through to.Nouns or before nouns or not?Exactly. But I think it would be really easy to do and I think, yeah, I think that's what we do.I think we would have quite quickly. We have quite a lot more than five. It's sort of hard then to choose, like taking all the towns, taking all the adjectives, taking all the ones that have a large sentiment value, taking, you know, one sentence, one sent, one sentence listing. So what? What would it be?Maybe sentiment.Most, most positive, most negative words maybe like that, right?Yeah.I.Names only.Is an unknown. Ohh.Different. That's a different thing. Right off the.Just display all the nouns that were recently said or or what? Yeah, I think that would give more, yeah.Meaning to what we've got now, right? I'm just, I think I'm just thinking of.That's a little hanging fruit, really.But the same for this, yeah. I mean, I don't know whether it's.I mean there has to be some sort of understanding quick how to get meaning out of something.Like what do you want?Try to cluster them for topics and we could just, you know, maybe we could try.Yeah.It's probably well. So it's difficult you think, yeah, it's yeah.I don't know, maybe, maybe, yeah. So now it's only OK. I agree it's probably would be probably quite disappointing interested in announce.So we can so long as verbs actually gives other ones which are seen and if we if we take mount password.Yeah, this would be just knows. Or just nouns and verbs and adjectives. Or you can play around a little bit.I mean the bike ram, the noun plus the word or something. Does that make sense even?You know, yeah, I I think, I think it's worth trying because I think what we should do at the end of this meeting, I'm going to send you the transcript of this meeting that the workload is captured, OK, because it's a meeting we've all been involved in and we know what the meaning of this meeting was. So we can run some experiments on that transcript to see because it is picking up what everyone is saying quite well. So that's good.Good things start with so they'll be able to see.Diagrams. This will kind of capture what we've been talking about.Yeah, is it enough?We could always buy brands to to capture verb followed by a noun, or noun followed by a verb or.So this might become language dependent but adjective followed by now.What about? What about subject plus verb? Like in the grammar sense? Really. But then you need to grammatical analysis, yes, why not?Yeah, if it's easily done, Spacey.Yeah, I I'm not sure how much effort it's possible. I'm not sure how much. But you you have to say this. Are we going to do it in English?Yeah, that's an expression. English, or for the moment, in English. I see, right? Because English will be talking in English. Yeah, English would be simple, I think. Yeah, German is much more difficult. Yeah. Yeah. Just to get the good language model and these.Hmm, yeah, I mean that's something I can't help with.OK, subject has stress work. This would be what I called before. Uh, probably something like a proposition subject plus verb.Possibly plus.Objects, but but like if you say burp you mean. I don't know. In English it's sort of.Unique it you mean that the word that's conjugated with this subject, right? So the subject is doing is a predicative is that is that the word subject was predictive.Because if you have anything in between or something, then you don't have propositions always. Uh, very simple manner speaking. It's, it's, it's a verb.Love.So subject I and the object is a paper so so one proposition was I love paper one. So that would be whatever the, the, the.Infections. So would be. Oh yes. So yeah. So we we just look for sentences and in those sentences find the subject, object and verb. Yeah. And and we we output those 3, for example. Yeah. Yeah. And what about I found this.The.How do you call it a dialogue? Uh, data set or hugging phase data I showed you and this dialogue data set is tagged with emotions. Maybe we can train something and then have a look at this dialogue on this word on this prototype and find out about the emotions.And I'm not sure if it's possible or too much work or sentimental analysis. No, not sentiment analysis that positive, negative or neutral. It's like anger law. It's really tagged. It's really big. Data set is tagged with these emotions. I'm not sure, maybe, I don't think it would be too hard. Question is which categories we would like to learn and which one do we have a data set for?I'm not sure if you.To learn.Just trying to train a simple model and for what?Comma.Decided to have.He said it's a parking space. Found this style of data set and it's tagged with these emotions.I have to have a look how it's cold, but I'm sure there are already sentiment and an analysis out there. We can trust you, yes.On yeah.Like I said, this was a positive movie and that was a -, 1 right this very simple but it's Melanie said sentiment. And this can also be not just positive negative but also enough and what whatevers. I'm. I would be surprised if they're not already trained models for this. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Especially in English. Yeah. I think we should only do stuff that we can do in German and English I think if we're going to do.Other study with this eventually we don't want to be making something that actually only works in English, and there's gonna be a lot more options for existing examples.But basically we could take any English text, we run it through some translation software, uh, the same data set. It should work. It should work. It doesn't have to be good for the translation, doesn't have to be really good to have a train to train it on on the other language or whatever. All it takes or any or any public you you have in there. Yeah, I guess you're on the risk.Yeah, maybe they don't recognize. Well, when you speak that is that is also I actually I wouldn't. I would be scared to train our own classifier.Because this this should be pretty much more work than than we imagined in the beginning. So I would only use classifiers which are already out there, which means, uh, for sentiment analysis there must be something out there in German and English, OK.Because then then it's getting possibly getting a huge effort. OK hmm. I.Umm.So, so far on the list of things that I think we keep frequency like what it does now, I think just because it's there and it's our base point.Um, subject plus verb or something along those lines.Hmm, 5 grams I think. Is that too similar to subject plus verb or is it just gonna same thing or?Spotify noun or noun followed by a verb or an adjective? For the PowerPoint by noun. OK, so then this thing qualifies. 5 grams. So OK, I didn't.The problem there is that uh in in the the time periods being looked at uh, we don't probably don't have much uh probably only have 1 occurrence of each diagram, yes.And and in order to another.What is?The problem is in and ping and people and these kind of things.And.And maybe there are resources out there which tells us how frequent a word is, typically in some kind of.Yes. And then text or dialog or whatever and then we filter out the ones which are most frequent. Yeah. So that the creating that band list of words that will display so.Yeah, whether that's probably gonna be in the region of, I mean it could be 20 to 100 words that would just.Don't disconnect.That's usually to me a process that like the stopper removal. To me it's a process that never ends. Then you have the next most frequent one which is also don't want and then you remove that one as well and and you just always find words with which you stop then which what are you looking for when you usually you have a long long time so you just get rid of the 1st 20% of the most frequent words in English and then you stop and then you just.You just you ignore them. You totally ignore them, yes. But then you display whatever is not in those 20% you ignored. Yeah, and then also.It's probably, yeah, sure. But it's still gonna be some words will be, two will be very rare and some will be very frequent, right.OK, but we can do it. Let's, let's just. It's just an experiment, isn't it?And and uh, yeah, whatever. But all all those words.Yeah, yeah, yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Same thing. Yeah, yeah. Something. Where do you, what do you, what are you looking for? Like there's many papers on finding salient words or something like that from probability distributions.I'm going to show if it's out there, but if there's some some language resource, I don't. It's Wordnet or whatever. Just saying in a typical English text, whatever it is, these words, of course, if it's poetry would be different then then a scientific text, but I don't know. Yeah, yeah. The most frequent English words. Something to order, yes.The next more complicated one would be this is thematic analysis, right? Where you could also just take the last 10 minutes, take the three most the best components and their most frequent or most salient words somehow, and display those.Yeah but I'm these are very these are short texts with the dialogue in the room that's that's very so that's for me like using a big talent to to show the spare. OK OK.Maybe, maybe. Uh, I don't. I I don't know. We can do a difference. It's just my opinion, but I prefer to keep it.Sample, yeah, yeah. Because yeah, I was. I'm just worried that the the words that we display are not gonna be very meaningful and I don't know how to find meaningful words.I think that's kind of what we're doing a little bit by running these.Quick experiments with this transcript. I'll send you after. Yeah, after we could do these simple things like the opposite of what we have now.So it displays the words that only been said once.I mean, again, like quite meaningless. I don't know.Necessarily, because I feel like if we're talking, there'll be some words during this conversation that we just said once, they are probably.This sets up the context for the entire conversation. Maybe, yeah.Yeah, interesting.I mean, it's quite simplistic just to reverse what we've got now, but still plastic is gonna be on that list.Hmm.So.Connect now, it no longer gonna be on the list. Stop saying it, stop saying it.Yes.OK, So what are the next steps for us? I'm, I'm I'm not quite sure if if I got it and do we work on it in entrustor or do we have to prepare it or do we have to program the whole thing and show it or can we use the time there to get you?The idea would be to have several, uh, word cloud uh devices already unstructured.Yeah.Umm.And then set them all in the room.Uh we meet and then see what what they show afterwards. Um yeah and and and and you just said the sentiment analysis so this more simple simple simplistic send it again would be just positive and negative or as Melanie mentioned anger and other things if that's if that's possible depends on.Is now classified as available, which we can use. Then maybe just just announce that versus suggestion, then bigrams. Hmm. Then these are what I call propositions. So it's a verb. It's subject and object.What else there there was the the band works the display these words, but maybe that's something that's tricky one, because maybe that can be something that is applied to.All of these.What would that be? What is the password?Yeah, words, we don't allow it to display. So we don't allow it to display something or think or think. They're just if this is an instance of that.Doesn't exist.Yeah.So that's the future, which could apply to all of the.Some of them, maybe not all. Yeah. So yeah, it's.Michael I recently was in a in a talk with Americans and I don't know it's it was Berkeley and they like they use always like like they use like so much that like I like I only heard like at the end of the talk and like if you have like all the time you display those words you can use that to improve your language to get rid of words. Yeah too often.It's very true.Yeah, I just. I just noticed that there that it might be interesting for people to just see which words someone uses more frequently, too often or more than an average in in another dialogue. Hmm. Yeah, I was. I was recently at an event where the women talking said, does that make sense? After pretty much every sentence, does that make sense?Yeah, yeah, she stop saying that.You know that she says it every time she says. Like ohh.If you have an active, growing up introduction, then it would be the word awesome, yeah. Yes.So this field and with Ben words would would my opinion apply to to the noun thing, to the bigram thing, and to the proposition subject, Object team, but not to the sentiment analysis. Yes. Yeah, yeah. So maybe there would be another button to push or whatever. Ohh. I would be just different. Different budgets. Yeah, maybe that complicates it too much. Maybe we just ignore that for now.Maybe. I don't know I I would, I would, I would actually separate if you have a prototype that like just the script from Melanie that does it. We don't really know whether which version we want to put up on the device and associate with the button. So there for me it's I would separate the two and first make as many different variants that we think are reasonable and then later on figure out those that are you know understandable by late people that don't really want that.Combination of buttons and stuff. Hmm yeah, I I have another question.Yeah. Don't don't forget what you want to say Mike, but I think this, this filter, if it's possible the bent bent words or what bandwidth or words, what do you mean bandwidth filtering out the most 20% frequent words, yeah.This has I can think might be quite effective and I might be mistaken, but so I I just wouldn't ignore it.So it would and and would you say?Yeah, I would produce versions of, yeah. Because yeah.So.Ohh yeah, uh another, um question from my side. So if you prepare all of these prototypes for the retreat in May, what is what are the next steps in May?Because uh and I are there. Are there? Is there enough time for programming and experimenting or we only show it? And what are the next steps in in in terms of data science and artificial intelligence or.Natural language processing. Uh, programming, so.I think it would be selecting. I think we used the the participants to figure out which ones they think are most interesting and maybe to to use use also the parameters that we still have to possibly optimize. If we have two versions of the same type, which one is more interesting but only like that and then brainstorm what other things might be interesting as soon as they understand what we can do or what we are doing.Yeah, we have something about, I don't know, 5 to 7 at the moment.Seven different versions. And yeah, but each one might have possible, might just have to say no, it's not possible. And I'm trying to. I think we have five, maybe 6-6 of the devices. I mean, I can make more of it.Yeah, that's what I thought. I mean mentally might do a script that first created the configuration 1 to 20 and then you dial it in and afterwards the one of your devices just uses that thing to.I would I would put six if it's 66 devices on the table, each one different. And then after half a day we all look at it and make a ranking of what we think is more interesting. And if we if we have more ideas, maybe it would be possible to to reset 1 the the weakest of those sketches and put some different software on it and then or even half.Or even all of the six put on different things for the next.Everything was because longest ones and yeah so.Eliminate or substitute the releases, 3 weakest ones or whatever. So that's, yeah, that's similar to what we did during the deployment in we deployed them all and we're getting feedback constantly from the participants out remote into each one and change some of the parameters like display shorter words or make it refresh sooner or show more words than the word file and so on. So yeah.Yeah.Yeah.And the task manager for for Scotland would be to to program on these variations. So I think, I think that's easier.Yeah, I'm not sure. It's end of March. Yeah, since so for me.There's two ways, there's two ways of doing that. So I was asking about can we do some stuff in Scotland as well, so I'm not sure.No, thank you for that.Yeah, Minecraft 22. Yes it is.I think.It might be slightly basic brain there's two ways of doing this. We have this is generating a text document everything we said.So we either create something that takes that text document.Runs it through some sort of script that is doing any of these five or six things that we're seeing and either putting it back into the text document, but there's.The quantities of the words are all.Wrong from what it was before. So it was into the existing word cloud scripts, and it's the words that are most frequent in this new document are the largest ones. Does that make sense?I didn't understand or we write our own work quite generating scripts that is and that's something that I would struggle to do. That's to me that's quite complex, so once a bit of a hack around it.Does that mean that doesn't make sense, does it? I didn't. I didn't get this. Sorry. Are you are you having trouble to make the word cloud image? I couldn't quite believe that.Well, I'm just using a pre-existing script that I've not written.There's an example of a work quote image and I can I can play about with some parameters in there, but I wouldn't really know how to write a script to generate a word file that is doing these other things.Is this script as input some text?And it generates the the visual word cloud, yeah.OK. And so and and you have this Microsoft speech to text, yeah?And then between and then we have a text file. And between this text file and the text file which goes into the word cloud display. So there's something which we are doing. So for instance, filtering everything out which is not a noun. Friends. Yeah.So that should be Melanie. Rather, most of those things should be very easy. Otherwise it's it's overkill because we don't know yet but but but what it's worth. Yeah, understand so.Which kind of data do we get here in Saint Gallen from you? Do we get the text, the raw text data and we can have a look at it with pre trained models or?How do we work now together or how should we find the steps?Um.Yeah, my sense you would send us the text of our conversation today. And then we need to be able to run this in some sort of Python. Well, something we can run around with Python.Deal with that's possible because that means I've got a chance of understanding it.Experiment with any kinds of filters on that text file. Hmm. And we would need maybe this your your script from displaying the word cloud. Yeah, I mean that's that's fine. Let's see what it looks. Yeah, I mean, if you were able to write a script that basically turns.The transcript into one of these new workloads and an image, a PNG of one of these new workloads. That's absolutely perfect. The rest is.The rest is easy for my side, OK? And this script is in which language written you have for their house. The workload is using C to Microsoft Azure stuff, is that is the only way that could work in.Hi I'm but everything is all getting piped into Python so everything yeah we don't need to worry about that C everything is in Python apart from this speech to text. It's all getting blocked off.I don't like that and and in the A. In the end we need a grayscale image or even a black white image. I doesn't matter I.Yeah, black and white. Ideal.Yeah, I mean the display we've got is capable of showing yellow also if we wanted to add in some other dimension for whatever reason, which might work for sentiment potentially if happy words are wrong color.Positive, negative. But I think that's maybe too much.But in principle it's black and white, right?That yeah, it's like black and white image and I I I've got a little script that there's it makes it.Compatible with the display, yeah. I'm just gonna share with you in the chat here. There display is able to display grayscale.A. Yes, it should do.Yes.Now for you have to think a little bit because sentiment analysis is not clear how to put this in a word cloud. Hmm. So you could work with two colors there, maybe positive and negative, I don't know. Yeah, bigrams or propositions.Yeah, we can just visualization there. Any, any type of visualization we output the PNG file or something and Mike is able to turn that into a display that in there. Yeah, on the device. I mean one of the issues with bigrams also is if you have two fairly long words.They might run into trouble because taking too long words large. What typically tends to do is displays. This is the workload script I've not written it displays words are quite displays twice.So if you said hip hop, hip.Not getting at Walmart twice.Like twice it's slightly smaller.There's an equal presence on the world wide, if that makes sense.I mean, I would hope that we find a word cloud generator where you can indicate the size of each word, and then it tries to find an image that produces, you know, this layout of words in the in the sizes as specified. And then we would be quite free to give any sentiment values or whatever we want. But I'm not sure whether that's the case or whether it's usually just paying the frequencies of the words from the text that generates the word cloud.Yeah.If you can, like, if you do have that, uh, that option to configure this type of yeah, if it's the frequency and the test, we can treat the text right once we have the yeah, you're right. You're very smart.To do that, indeed. So then we we can do it and it's. I think so, yeah. The more difficult thing is to think about how.How to, how to meaningfully display sentiment or proposition or or whatever, because it's not the classical word cloud anymore. So there we have to do some some thinking, yeah, but it's just a scale from, I don't know, minus one to one. So I would put the words to the left, to the right or something.No, that would be 111 very simple version. And then of course we iterate and we find better design.But for the very first version, any one-dimensional output we have from a classifier or something, that would be very simple first first option.OK, so the next step, so Mike will send us the the text file. Hmm, we had some call we.They look into these.After six variants and to to see if they can be done relatively straightforward. Hmm, and to produce some.Pricing problem which takes takes as input and creates.PNG file, yeah. Or Texas or PNG file. Any image files or any image and you can deal with that and put this on the various pages. I should be able to yeah yeah. So yeah. And I shared the GitHub page there some of it. You'll see my style coding is not as efficient as it could be. Quite happy but it's still there.You don't really need to look at that.Too much really. I don't think it's just.This is a test. This is a text file that is saved in the pie and then it's just reading a text file is all you need to worry about really, isn't it?I don't know another notice. We are probably going to be displaying some sort of version of the word cloud at London Design Festival in September, so this will get a good bit of exposure at some point.This is what I would have thought, whatever we come up with here as well as going into some, maybe some other participant study.Certainly would be interesting in that as well.Umm, and then refresh rates. So when we will use it in answer rather, um, so we don't we we want to look at it after after two hour meeting or maybe after half a day of meetings. And how can, how can we do this when it refreshes every?Whatever, 7 minutes, you just tell me what you want that to be and I can do that.Alright, well when it refreshes it doesn't delete anything.OK, it's just updating.So you continue running. That's not a problem. Or if you're worried about people being distracted by it.We can make it refresh every well, whatever time. That's easy. I don't know. We can put the cloth over it, yeah, alternatively.No, I'm just wondering.Exactly. Yeah. No, I'm just. So I'm gonna leave you want to have a look?What what it would show if the time period would be, uh, the whole morning for instance. How how could we do this? Not that's what we just do naturally.If you want to.Within that way.OK, so.I think the agenda is sent. Hmm. It's back online. Yeah, if you want to.Patterns.She's taken violin.Yeah. OK, we've got it.OK, so.Step one, you sent us the next time, Step 2.To work on it in trial and 3/3 as we should have.Uh, some meetings. Like meetings? Yeah.And maybe in.Maybe two weeks or something like that. We can give you my feedback. Or whenever something specific happens inside or whatever, we get back to you and give you in, yeah? Or if it's easier.Um, different kind of ways of analyzing text to do and get one completed and you just want to I can put it on a word cloud and we can.Just work through them as well if we want to. Yeah. Yeah, I got it right. Keep it simple. No. Yeah. Training for OHS, no fancy. She's all. It's really like take take take models which are trained and have a look at the data and OK, so because I I see we only have 1 1/2 months left and right. It's really short time and maybe we find some stuff at the retreat that we can program it for September for your.Workshop in London or have some insights or new ideas, but keep it simple for our first iteration for these workloads and we can have a look in and.How do you call entrust?Astroneer, astroneer if you find more.A better raise if you have a second iteration or certain iteration, new ideas and if if the idea finds them.Our residents and our retreat. So yeah, but.You should. You can only realistically use what is already there. Yes, there, now I'm not spending anymore, so yeah.We only have 3 new versions of it. Well, I think that's still great. Yes. OK, I think and like, even if, even if it's just two versions, I think that's still great. We've got the existing one and.One other one brilliant, I mean and for the instrumentation I would see first we stick to English, yeah. So if it's easy for you, you can have have also looked if these things you will use are also available for German but.I wouldn't for this since we would use it in Scotland and we have to we we we will produce a ranking. So I would use the full, full range and not not look at if it's available in German or not and then care about this afterwards so it's trusted to English and and use what's available there in English now.You have this Wordnet thing. You don't have it in German. It exists, but it costs money and so would you do with it.What what would you do with the word net? Well, that's that's a online let's hit one. Ohh yeah API with all the English words and it says if it's what, what are the word it is.Oh, and also a little bit of a thesaurus.Yes, you concept or something else and yeah that's that's out there for free, I understand, but I did not understand what you want to do with it.But.Just to figure out whether a word is a noun or not, for instance. Yeah, OK. But that's easier way than maybe OK. Yeah, Mike, just a question is, would it be interesting?From your perspective, to have a filter of certain kinds on the text, they.On words of a specific topic or on negative words or it's a different way than what we just discussed where we would display just really what was said, but filter out things that don't match a certain perspective so that that device would listen only to certain in a certain way with only pickups, certain types of concept.Yeah, it's it's only subtly different from what we have, but it's selective device is something different than what we discuss now, where we always, you know, we prioritize maybe, but we would always show everything.Yeah. I don't know.OK, yeah, maybe this is.For a second iteration, it feels like a more complex iteration, doesn't it?But I don't know, maybe or yeah.We'll figure it out. We'll come up with a few options and we will have to, I guess the interface between the two of us would be very simple. So you give us the text, we have a function in Python that processes the text and outputs an image, right. Or yeah, I guess.You would then this light display that we just come up with a list of Python module functions and each one does something different and then we have a case statement or something in Python that just takes the dial of the device and select the function, right?OK.Easy, alright? Yeah. And it's gonna run on what? On a Raspberry pie? Yes, Raspberry pie there is. Yeah. Running high 4 something four. Yeah, the elusive 4 we can't buy. You still can't buy them.You can, but they're very expensive. They're about £300. There's still a chip shortage.But I still have a small supply.Yeah, yeah.Yeah, you're right.Yeah. I mean, I'm excited. I think it'll be really quite interesting. And I think, I think we are very good activity for the ministry as well.Yeah, I think it would be good for that.OK, so that's amazing.And yeah, I'll send that transcript through and then anything else you need from me, let me know.OK.Brilliant.Actually, thank you.